New docs structure (#56)
opengisch/QField-docs: en/data-formats/index.rst

+-----------------+-----------------+---------------------------------------+
| WEBP            | :yay:`✔`        |                                       |
+-----------------+-----------------+---------------------------------------+
| ECW             | :nay:`✘`        | License restricts usage.              |
+-----------------+-----------------+---------------------------------------+
| MrSID           | :nay:`✘`        | License restricts usage.              |
+-----------------+-----------------+---------------------------------------+

If you don't find your favorite data format on this table, please check if it
works and `adapt the list above <https://github.com/opengisch/QField-docs/edit/master/en/project-management/dataformat.rst>`_ to share your findings. If it does not work,
please `open an issue <https://github.com/opengisch/OSGeo4A/issues>`_. We will be
happy to help you with the implementation.

Raster data
===========

Raster data can become quite big quickly, when working with uncompressed tiff files it's often several Gb of data. Especially on mobile devices, this is inefficient.

Use GeoPackage
..............

> We recommend to us the geopackage format to deal with raster data. The following commands will convert a file called :code:`raster.tif` to a file :code:`raster.gpkg` with pyramids. Make sure you adjust EPSG:21781 (CH1903 LV03) to your desired CRS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to us the geopackage format to deal with raster data. The following commands will convert a file called :code:`raster.tif` to a file :code:`raster.gpkg` with pyramids. Make sure you adjust ``EPSG:21781`` to your desired CRS.
```

.. code:: bash

>   gdal_translate --config OGR_SQLITE_SYNCHRONOUS OFF -co  APPEND_SUBDATASET=YES -co TILE_FORMAT=PNG_JPEG -a_srs EPSG:21781 -of GPKG raster.tif raster.gpkg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  gdal_translate --config OGR_SQLITE_SYNCHRONOUS OFF -co  APPEND_SUBDATASET=YES -co TILE_FORMAT=WEBP -a_srs EPSG:21781 -of GPKG raster.tif raster.gpkg
```

Should we change that? @lucienicolier is the command correct like this?

Author: correct according to our blogpost
